deprecation(driver): warn when `cy.end()` is called (#33707)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- See ../guides/writing-the-cypress-changelog.md for details on writing the changelog. -->
## 15.15.0

**Deprecations:**

> - The `cy.end()` command has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. `cy.end()` can be replaced by simply starting a new `cy.` command chain. Addressed in [#33707](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/33707).

Author: ```suggestion
- The `cy.end()` command has been deprecated and will be removed in a future release. Instead of using `.end()` to break a chain, start a new chain of commands off of `cy`. Addressed in [#33707](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/33707).
```
